Data visualization competition in /r/dataisbeautiful/ for the /r/travel survey results, submit entries by Oct 26!
r/travel Topic of the Week: on 'Digital Detox'
The Eiffel Tower as seen from the streets of Paris
Beautiful Fall day in Utrecht, the Netherlands
Grote Markt, in Antwerp. I absolutely love Belgian/Dutch architecture. Took this last year while on a work trip, would love to see more of Belgium some day
Battled my vertigo to fulfill my dream of visiting Machu Picchu yesterday. It was worth it
Herlan Peak, Lake Tahoe.
Cathedral of Notre-Dame last week on my visit to Europe. It was a gloomy day, so I thought the black and white gave it the little extra gothic look!
One of the many incredible beaches in Lagos, Portugal [OC][1620x1080]
Spent yesterday hiking through the Tatra National Park in southern Poland. Here is the the view from Czarny Staw pod Rysami overlooking Morskie Oko. Well worth a visit for anyone traveling to Kraków.
Segovia’s Roman Aqueduct
The wax museum in Mexico today
One of the most beautiful scenes I’ve come across so far on my travels. Eikandocho in Kyoto. [OC]
The Great Wall. I was fortunate enough to go on a tour where there were virtually no other people. The sun had not hit the Mongolian side so it was still covered in snow from the night before.
First time going abroad: Where should we go?
Sunrise in Montaña de las Tierras, Gran Canaria.
Some pictures I took last November traveling from the Bay Area to Portland via Amtrak's Coast Starlight
32 Hours in Nashville, So What's Good? Barbecue and Sites Recommendations Please
Heads Up to those traveling to Cinque Terre in the next Week
I think I'm in love with the idea of driving across Vietnam on a motorbike
Have you ever traveled long distance (6+ hour flight) for a 'long weekend' trip?
Train/bus trip from Phnom Penh to Kuala Lumpur
Two separate nights of layover in Toronto on our honeymoon. Recommendations?
What are the best, least tourist-y destinations in Western Europe?
Cities with the best New Media Art scene?
Bill websites will not open
Random flight was added to my itinerary - can I use it?
Spirit Airlines Seat Prices
Spending 9.5 days in Italy in May (Rome, Florence, Venice). Which option would you choose for an extra day?
Getting around in china?
Overlooked long weekend (winter) destinations in Europe?
One of the most beautifully intricate places I have ever visited. The ceiling of the Sultan Ahmet Mosque in Istanbul, Turkey.
Me (24/F) and my friend (25/f) are going to Boston in a two weeks, any suggestions on places to go or things to see or food to eat?
Taiwan Itinerary High Level Review
experience with onwardticket or similar?
Iceland in January for fun first, and photography second!
Lonely Planet books: how do I find the source of the front cover photo?
Underage travelling through Scandinavia
Paris museum discount?
Halloween in Transylvania! Where are you spending you´re Halloween this year?
Super conflicted on a destination, any help?
Global entry if my ex is undocumented?
Do you think Rio is too dangerous at the moment?
Do most countries let you sleep for a long time between getting off the plane and being processed by immigration?
Quaint destinations near Rome?
Does using a backpack get tiring vs a suitcase?
2 weeks in Europe - suggestions please!
How much liquid can you bring on a 12 kg luggage?
Crossing a salt lake in Iran with my two luggage camels
Learning while travelling in south east asia?
NZ: Staying in Queenstown?
dji Mavic drone in Romania - anybody with recent experience?
What is the best guided tour company for solo travel?
Hiking in Alaska: Anchorage or Juneau
Road trip to NY, many questions
3.5 Weeks in Southeast Asia - Honeymoon!
Turned a work trip to the West Coast into a long weekend to visit my sister. Hiked to the Latourell Upper Falls on the Oregon side of the Columbia River Gorge.
Please critic our first backpacking experience, thanks
3 days in late November: is Oslo or Stockholm a better destination for 2?
In light of the Lion Air tragedy, I am wondering if there is a disparity in training/required flight hours between large national/international carriers and budget airlines. Is there reason to trust one above the other?
EU Delayed Flight Compensation - denied
Question about flights
2 week trip to Ireland and Scotland
Flight distance calculator (request/question) - destinations between two locations
Exchange rates GBP to EUR, better in the U.K. or France?
Riding motorbike on the Ha Giang Loop in Northern Vietnam
Flying from california to japan on a budget
Cheap/reliable websites for sending luggage overseas?
Amazing Fall colors in Zion National Park [OC]
Do I need a passport?
Morocco: Looking for advice on glamping in the desert - best departure point
Spent the day hiking the trails throughout Cinque Terre. Ended our hike right at sunset above Vernazza.
2019 Spring Road-trip in Iceland - Trip Plan Reccomendations and Advice on Planning Trips in Future
Judge our mid-december Colombia itinerary
Do I need a special note from my Dr when traveling with adhd medication?
Buyed a one-way-ticket to Asian 4 months ago without any planing. Now finding myself on a train ride through the Gokteik Viaduct in Myanmar
Some photos from some of my trips this past year
22 F recently laid off. Want to work remotely so I can travel abroad. Any suggestions?
Mexican Tourist Visa at Tijuana
Would Appreciate Feedback on My Year-Long Travel Plans
How do I get over my fear of flying?
Im traveling to South East Asia this July and would like some guidance on some cool things to do. Both historical and adventures.
Montreal over Christmas?
How long do I need to properly see Almaty, Kazakhstan?
North Toledo Bend state park
[Question] Indian transiting through Paris from Canada
Help for Bali itinerary in November. Nusa Dua or Nusa Lembongon beaches?
Traveling solo at 17
Winter 2018: Costa Rica vs SE Asia vs South America?
Suggestions on where to spend Xmas in Europe on a budget? Never been to Europe before
Looking for a city-beach holiday in Asia
Best and most cheap city's for a citytrip?
How do you think if a 19 years old girl want to start her first time solo trip but some people keep telling her that she can’t?
How are Louisville and Nashville right around/after New Year's? Any other thoughts for a shorthaul trip?
Suggestions/Feedback on Barcelona Itinerary!
Manchester Airport adivce
Considering first trip to Asia in Spring. 10 days in Japan for Cherry Blossom Festival
Great views at Big Bend
Considering traveling to Sri Lanka in April. Should we change our plans?
Beautiful Córdoba in Spain
My friend traveled to Scotland and Ireland and told me about singing and dancing parties at pubs called “Lock-ins”. Are these real and where do you find them?
Aerial view of glacier hike in Sólheimajökull, Iceland
Advice on where to take an overnight stop between Prague and Calais?
Two plane tickets out, but three tickets back
Sarajevo through Montenegro to Albania
Norway. Kongsvoll railway station on the path to Trondheim. Make sure you drop by the waiting room and read all these amazing travel stories in the feedback box.
Black Forest Germany
Critique My Spain (Andalucia) Itinerary
Looking for a hot, beautiful and artistic destination
Traveling to Morocco as a woman
Escalating issue with extra baggage charge at London airport via Air China
Only 18 and renting a car in Norway. Alternatives to the outrageous pricing?
The monastery of Saint Ivan of Rila in the Bulgarian mountains
Krka waterfall in Croatia, one of the few places in the national parks where pictures do it some justice.
[x-posted from r/centralasia] 20 days: Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan realistic? Kyrgyzstan vs Tajikistan?
Travelling around china
Have trip booked to Acapulco for January and I've now seen the new from there and I am worried.
Is there a search tool to find flights where I don't care about the dates?
What documents do I need to visit Australia?
Is November a good time for Cabo San Lucas?
Stranded in Milan after Venice flooding
East Africa
Online check-in error. Will it be an issue?
Morocco Meet Up
Venice, flooding, and sanitation?
Straightforward comparison of Airline change fees and refundable vs non-refundable flights?
How to travel through VietNam - seeking advice
Help appreciated!! Need trip recommendations for all inclusive resort!
Travelling internationally taking a friends place.
Passport Damage and US
3 weeks - Thailand only or Thailand and Vietnam?
trip to Indonesia - looking for tips
Ideas for Christmas Eve/Day in Germany (Berlin area)?
Fishing in or Near Ao Nang
Travel to Egypt Recommendations
How do you keep fit while travelling?
Packing for Italy in February?
31/F traveler in Belgium: stay in Antwerp or Ghent? (reposted from r/solotravel)
Mekong Delta Tour Recs starting from Ho Chi Minh
Europe Solo Trip Advice
Carry-on Luggage Recommendation?
Sunrise at Sarankot, Nepal
International vacation-where do I start?
Best way to get from London to West of the USA in Business?
Going through immigration and customs in Chicago in a 1.5hr layover, doable?
Ancient theater in Delphi, Greece. Spectacular views throughout the entire complex.
Advice for jetlag management for short 4-day business trip Belgium/New York leaving 4th November, back 8th November
“6 months on passport” date falls on the day in flying back from Indonesia
Hiking Trail signs in Vienna
Should we Travel to Korea or Singapore at End of November?
Cheaper to go to France alone or with my school?
Ran into a roadblock on the way to Mt. Kilimanjaro [OC]
The Monastery in Wadi Musa, Petra (Jordan). A great hike to and wonderful views all around.
4 months abroad, anti-theft products?
Yi Peng - Chiang Mai
Could you guys help me out on an “atomic”road trip?
Road Trip in Argentina?
Looking for 1 month of yoga and party. Any good suggestions combining both? : D
Where to visit for our honeymoon in the Middle East?
USA asthma puffer
Travelling to Argentina next month (BA then on to Patagonia). Looking for advice on the Peso situation.
Solo traveling for 7-8 days in the U.S. Where should I go in Mid-November?
Spent a few days at Qasr al Sarab in the Rub' al Kahli (UAE). Went for a sunrise camel ride the last morning. These were waiting to take us back. What a beautiful and vast place
Resource to plan train rides between Paris, French Riviara, Barcelona and Rome.
Going to Spain late December to early January... few questions
Travel to Belize
Whats your favourite travel souvenir?
Kalepa Ridge Trail, Nā Pali Coast, Kauai
Yesterday at Chefchaouen Morocco.
Aeroplan Redemption
Took Eurostar from U.K. to Belgium but my eurail pass wasn't signed or anything, what happens? Has anyone else had this happen?
Family with baby - Visiting Mexico this Christmas
Renting a Jeep in Guadalajara
Traveling from western NY to Philly, PA. Trains have a VERY long layover. Any suggestions?
A castle overlooking a harbor in the sunset. Deñia, Spain.
Thame Monastery, Nepal (4000m elev.)
Passing through Bealaclugga in Ireland, stopped to take a gander around this beautiful abandoned church. August 2018
Road trip from Barcelona to Lisbon?
Can you hitchhike the Carretera Austral in Patagonia without camping gear?
Inspiration needed - Tropical vibe
Planning a 10 day European Family/Honeymoon
The Great Wall of China at Mutianyu a few days ago. Breathtaking.
Which Frequent Flyer Program Are you with and why?
Flight connection went from 2.5 hours to 31 minutes. What are my options?
Carry on soft bag
Any advice on train travel in India?
Flying to Cuba via Mexico as an American citizen...
Winter hiking in Drakensberg, South Africa. This photo was taken at the top of Tugela Falls, the second highest waterfall in the world.
Kirkjufell Mountain in Iceland. This country has such incredible landscapes...and a very fitting name.
Pyramid Lake in Jasper, Alberta, Canada.
State of the Gili islands (October/November 2018)
Where to stay in LA when trying to do everything
Tembeling Beach - Nusa Penida, Indonesia during our recent honeymoon trip
Two nights in Switzerland, any suggestions?
First time visiting Limone Sul Garda. I do have to say it was breathtaking.
Can I travel to Kenya as a dual (Kenyan-Irish) citizen even though I don't hold a Kenyan passport?
Visited Greece Last Week. Here's my Image of The Acropolis in Athens. Pretty Spectacular!
Are there any international flight special meals that are both gluten free and dairy free?
My favourite photo from my recent trip to Egypt With a Happy Hump Boi and all!
Flew from USA to Turkey to Lebanon. Lebanon denied entry and wouldn't return passport or luggage until back in USA
Rice field in Sapa near Hanoi in Vietnam. It’s definitely the highlight of my trip.
Taking my wife to Italy. What are some cheaper options for flights?
Indian tourist visa - paper not electronic
Hiking Zhuilu Old Trail, Taroko Gorge, Taiwan
Solo travelling in Austria/Hiking Tips/Location advice
Laptop gaming with travel adapter safe?
I want to spend a summer in a spanish speaking country (preferably Spain).
Hikes recommendations in Eastern Europe
O Quy Ho mountain pass, Vietnam. North Vietnam is full of scenery just like this.
What are some of the best international destinations for mountains and beach?
How Much Money Should I Bring to Bangkok?
Do you have any tips for traveling to Bolivia as a solo traveler?
Backpacking aroung Asia
Belgrade (Serbia) or Tehran (Iran)
European going to California. What is there to see?
Warning about Kiwi.com guarantee
November Travel - Canada
US citizen. Do I really need my entire China itinerary with proof to get a visa?
3-6 month road trip around Italy
Can you add an extra day in a city with a long layover?
Christmas and New Years in SE Asia
Is this 5 day plan feasible?
Another Australia travel question
Few days to kill in south of France in December on a tight budget, what to do?
Pacific Northwest American Road trip. Thoughts on the Itinerary?
Stories about renting a car and getting ripped off - also advice on how not to get ripped off!
Going to Iran with a US G1 visa
Traveling to Vietnam, got a doubt about the visa on arrival (US passport).
Trip to Madeira, Portugal
This is Concordia K2 trek. Amidst the throne of mountain gods.
Last day in Montreal
Went for a hike around Semmering, Austria. This was one of the viewpoints overlooking Südbahnhotel with a spectacular background.
Travel between Egypt and Jordan
View of Zahara de la Sierra, Andalucía, Spain.
Canada for Christmas?!?
My mom is sad because she got turned away from her cruise. Anything I can do?
Got to visit my mum’s home town in Bosnia. This is the view from our bnb.
Bay area to Portland, Snow on I5 Mid November?
20 yr old first time traveller looking for advice! [europe]
Travel delay; what are “reasonable costs”
E G Y P T - Is it safe?
I just plugged in all my private information into a scam turkish visa website. What should I do?
Shanghai "Neighborhoods"?
Simien Mountains, Ethiopia. Best hiking experience of my life!
Travelled from Zurich(Switzerland) to Tirano(Italy) on the Bernina Express last July. The journey is super scenic
Porter carrying VSAT dish to setup Internet at Everest base camp
The view from the Kalalau Lookout at Kauai, Hawaii!
Travel Experiences as a Minority?
Traveling to Switzerland with my disabled mom and need advice
1 week, November: Rome, Catania/Taormina trip
View of Jaén, Andalucía, Spain.
Is it feasible to go to the Pyramids in Teotihuacan, Chapultepec Zoo and Castle on the same day?
Flight horror story - Old lady in agony and apathetic crew
Shortest route to the mountains, Nepal?
Carry-on duffel reccomendations?
Plaza de Espanã in Seville. Aka city of Theed on Planet Naboo
Travel podcasts?
[EU] Diverted flight compensation
Overstay of Thai visa
Flying in Cappadocia during the sunrise [OC]
One Priceline.com hotel review reflects a score of 8005???
Through-hiking in Europe; asking for best long hikes with wild camping.
Montenegro was fantastic. Can see it growing to be a popular tourist country within 15 years
Two-day Ethiopia Lalibela tour with ETT?
Contiki?
Want to see Wildlife / Ruins / Tropical Climate - Where to go with girlfriend?
Critique my Taiwan Itinerary (14 days)
RyanAir - check-in fee dispute - what are my options?
Portofino on the Italian Riviera [OC]
The Dead Sea, -1,300ft below sea level
Early Winter at Lake Lousie. (and hardly any people during a cloudy sunset.)
Do I have enough time to catch a separate connecting flight? US>FCO>ATH
Any calm, vegan friendly, not expensive places to spend next 4 weeks in Asia?
Punakha Dzong, Bhutan
Riviera Maya vs. Puerto Vallarta?
I just got back from an amazing Mexico trip. I had great street food, met amazing people, and saw this breathtaking view in Guanajuato!
Balkan road trip report. I liked it, despite the local drivers.
Is it ridiculous to travel to Japan from the East coast US for a 2 day visit?
Do I need to purchase a permit in advance to visit Machu Picchu?
Queenstown without a car?
I'll be in Okinawa for about a week and a half in late December, but have ~3 days to spend somewhere else in the general area (Hong Kong, Korea, Mainland Japan, etc.). Would love some suggestions.
Flight Help: Booked flights in advance and now moving across the country...
Where should I visit outside of London for nature and scenery?
Trip report: Porto
Why don't airlines offer an incentive for no-shows to cancel?
Sunset view of Old Town Square in Prague, Czech Republic.
Chianti is my favorite place for two reasons: wine and views
Can i use credit card for tapping in the airport bus to incheon?
Visited Niagra Falls this weekend during my first trip into Canada. Definitely an awe inspiring view.
Question about Global Entry & declaring goods
I took this in northern Ireland last October. A castle that was vacated because the foundation started to crumble. Also, game of thrones used images of this castle in a few of their episodes
Paragliding in Mürren Switzerland - Airtime Paragliding
46 minute layover in Amsterdam
Wroclaw or Lodz?
Blue Caves in Zakynthos, Greece. Wishing to be back!
My horrible experience with Booking.com.
Caribbean Islands similar to the Out Islands of the Bahamas
Looking for Caribbean Advice
Jirisan National Park in South Korea- one of the most challenging hiking. We started from Jungsanri to Chunwangbong. While it’s beautiful, I hated endless rocks and boulders for 12 miles. Did anyone complete this trail? What was your experience?
Just returned from Everest base camp. This is one of my favourites, acclimatization hike racing the clouds to the top above Dingboche
The Sardine Fest of Love in Lisbon, Portugal in 2018
What to do on a rainy public holiday Sunday in Prague?
Colombia -- Seeking a small town (or two) for Xmas/New Year holiday
Is it possible to see enough of New York & Washington DC in one week?
The Winery of Spiez, Switzerland
Review this itinerary: 2 months in Southeast Asia
How does my flight from bangkok to Tokyo work?
Visiting Halkidiki in November?
Help me choose between 1 of these 4 Indian cities to visit.
Travel insurance that’ll help cover any bike crash in Bali?
Resting during hiking the Artic Circle Trail in Greenland, Lake Amitsorsuaq
What to do when going on a trip with someone who is on a tighter budget than me?
The horrifically steep and unstable Mt Doom detour on the Tongariro Crossing in New Zealand.
First Sunday of the month in Rome
Getting into Canada with a DUI
First time travelling alone, first time going through an airport alone, need some direction
Iceland in November/December?
The entrance to the Oasis of Figuig, one of the most isolated towns in Morocco and the home of more than 200,000 date palms
Visiting Scotland during Christmas
Tampa for Christmas/New Year's
Dakar to Nouakchott in 5 days?
Thinking about going to live in Mexico for a month or so... advice?
Feedback on 2 weeks in Yucatan Penninsula itinerary
Stopover options in air travel
Last year, on this day, I was exploring another planet (Isle of Skye)
Quitting job and be on the run for thrills
Best resort in a Mexico/DR for singles ?
Climbing Adams Peak in Sri Lanka on a misty day.
Short edit of me & my wife's adventure through Vietnam.
Revisiting Greece in the near future. Any places you recommend?
Plitvice National Park is worth it in the winter [OC]
Travelling to Paris from US with a dog
Do you recommend visiting Bologna in the winter?
I just completed a trip cross country going from East to West. we stayed at a ridiculously serene campground in Palisade, Colorado called, Palisade Basecamp RV Resort. Direct access to The Colorado and views like this. A bit more info in comments...
What should i visit when i go to St Petersbourg ?
Part of the ruins at the Ehrenburg Castle in Brodenbach, Germany. Picture was taken October 15, 2018 by my husband while on our honeymoon.
Top of the Mua caves, Ninh Binh, Vietnam. It was worth the 500 step climb.
Panicking
Booking through Air China with an expired passport?
Lost expired passport and my birth certificate - I am traveling over Xmas break. How to make sure I can go on my trip?
Day trip from Florence to Bologna or Lucca?
Kerala / Kochi India - Seeking Advice
Around The World Travel With a Dog
A tiny village in Cantabria. Northern Spain is incredible
Honeymoon in Bali or Italy?
Indian e visa question as a British citizen
Old Delhi. Organized Chaos and Sensory Overload.
Christmas/NYE--Vienna/Prague/Budapest
Help me choose a Paris street art tour!
Paris and surrounding in 2019, recommendations and guidance please.
Booked a 6-day trip to Taiwan this April. Considering adding a side trip to Jeju, South Korea. Should I take it?
Traveling From Boston to Philly
Itinerary for 6 Full days in Costa Rica. Where should our priorities be?
How long should I ideally stay in Argentina to experience it fully?
I, too, was caught in a sudden Roman rainstorm. What had been a busting street filled with tourists and diners became suddenly quiet and serene after everyone had rushed for cover. It's one of my favorite memories of visiting.
Getting companion passes soon for United
Traveling in the US without an ID
Air Baltic and a 40 minute connection
Snow at Chángchéng (Long City Wall). My Chinese friend said the encroaching fog was like a dragon at The Great Wall. Treacherous walking, but great photos.
Day trip from Ghent, Belgium
Traveling to Egypt next year
[Dumb question] Is it possible to change flights/refund flights on Delta?
Ways to book multiple flights
Working camps america/canada from uk
Cheap relaxing 4-6 day vacation for a young adult couple?
30-50 age range group travel company ideas?
Whats the cheapest way to stay somewhere
Manchester UK > Auckland NZ baggage help
crossing to US from Canada with "damaged" passport
Will I have trouble boarding if I'm buying a one way ticket to Amman, Jordan with no return flight?
4-7 days in Turkey. Itinerary suggestions and getting around
Family trip during christmas [USA] recommendations
Looking for a cozy winter town in Northeastern States
Has anyone taken an extended tour across Africa (1-2 months)?
Central America Itinerary Questions
4-6 nights in the Brazilian Amazon (Manaus): any recommended packages for a solo traveler with a nice budget?
Would a large stuffed travel bear be allowed on a airplane
About to embark on ahelluva lot of 5 day trips -- need carry-on luggage -- what do you professional nomads recommend & why?
Have a few days to kill between Paris and Alsace in mid-Nov -- up to Luxembourg, or down to Burgundy?
India in December via Skiplagged/kiwi.com. HELP!
Miami Spanish Consulate. No appointments for Visas?
Question for folks that have been to Bali: Is it easy to arrange everything while there?
Looking for any good group tour companies?
Lake Nahuel Huapi, San Carlos de Bariloche, Argentina. We drove 17+ hours from Buenos Aires, but definitely one of the most beautiful places in the world.
Has anyone RECENTLY traveled from Costa Rica to Bocas Del Toro?
Jøsenfjorden, Norway. The cat was named Fox and came around the cabin to say hello every day.
2 weeks in Morocco - suggestions, and best way to travel around?
Europeans, what makes Americans stand out when we're in Europe?
After 2 rough weeks of night trains and buses, dingy guesthouses, and a rental car rip off, my friend and I had the pleasure of being the last guests of the season (and the only guests of the night) at this hostel at the top of the Transfăgărășan in Romania. Waking up to this made it all worth it.
A general question on European weather between late November and early December
Sri Lanka named the best country for travelling in 2019, ahead of Germany and Zimbabwe (Lonely Planet)
Well, it thunderstormed and hailed in Rome today. Which meant that afterward it was only my wife & I without a soul in sight, save the employees cleaning up. Not often you get a quiet, intimate moment with a monument like this.
Best Christmas market in Germany/Europe ?
Is there a group for people that have traveled to all 7 continents.
Help Vacationing in the Carolina's?
Americans & Canadians, what makes Europeans stand out when they travel to your country?
Turkish Airlines vs Qatar Airways, LDN to JP December need advice ASAP!
Lauterbrunnen in the fall, just after sunrise. After seeing this place on here for so long I finally decided to come here myself.
US West Coast Road trip car advice
How is Greece in early February?
After 40km hike at Torres Del Paine, we kept exploring it with the car and found beautiful spots :’)
Should I mention that I work online (freelancer) in my Schengen Visa interview
Maroon Bells in Colorado has set the bar pretty high for my first trip to the US...
Halloween in NYC
Traveling with a 3 year old
Where to stay between Bryce Canyon and San Francisco?
Any suggestions for my Turkey itinerary?
Flight to Munich with connecting bus query
To those who have been to both: Edinburgh or Dublin?
New Zealand fines travelers who won't unlock secure devices
Travel Games Recommendations?
What insect repellent brand would YOU recommend for East Africa?
global entry:: how long does it take?
Travelling America July - Mid September 2019
2 week (adventure) travel in Albania - questions
Itinerary for 2 weeks driving in California
Codeshare flight HND-LHR: how to get the seats we want?
Looking for a cheap and fun New Years' one-week location in Europe.
kiwi.com and Ryanair
Where is the best place to rent a car in Bay Area to drive to Yosemite?
Bruges, Belgium. These are a 25 min walk from the station headed east on the border of the town, but well worth it. Such a relaxing place to be.
This picture I Took from Manarola (Cinque Terre), Italy in May this year
Prague, Kutna Hora, and Cesky Krumlov
What are budget conscious cities in the US to visit in February?
Marrakech worth it with limited time?
This beautiful part of Canada just reopened after years of closure due to human-caused damage. Cheltenham Badlands, Canada, just an hour north of Toronto
Not rain or hail, but rather the midnight train from Venice afforded me the opportunity to see the Pantheon without another soul in sight
Kyrgyzstan in October? What to do??
Pamukkale, Turkey: The non-crowded area. Photo was taken this summer.
I visited Sri Lanka in March and can't wait to go back. Here are some of my favourite photos
South India - Sept 2018 (Ooty, Coonoor, Mysore, Madinagudi)
Travelling to RIO! Big question...
Necropoli della Banditaccia in Italy. An ancient Etruscan "city of the dead" near Rome. Definitely recommend visiting if you are taking a longer trip in Italy and had a car.
Flying Solo at 17
Help planning NYC to Seattle in December
Mt. Fuji Sunset at the Chureito Pagoda
Travel Itinerary to India!
Visiting Fairbanks during end of November needed advice about things to do
Is it possible to fly internationally and stay where your connection flight is?
Roadtrip across USA - Renting car
Question about a connecting flight in Dublin
Is there Uber, Lyft or a local equivalent in Morocco?
Traveling to Italy (Rome, Positano and Florence) for 11 days. Need help with my itinerary?
Fun things to do for a big group meetup in Asia?
Feedback on Southern Portugal + Spain itinerary?
Cheap airfare or Error fare. Need help
Looking for extended travel ideas. Where should I go?
A week in Vienna, what are some recommendations?
Anyone found flights through Pomelo?
Amritsar to Lahore, anyone do this?
Any recommendations for the west coast of Costa Rica? (LIR)
A rare gem for book readers in Santorini, Greece. Went there for the beach, but spend at least an hour diving into these papers instead.
What do you recommend for preventing altitude sickness?
Sunrise in Torres del Paine, Patagonia, Chile
Is this New Zealand and Australia trip too constricting?
Lisbon or Porto for New Years
The ornate interior of the Spanish Synagogue in Prague was incredible.
Is there a train that goes from Las Vegas to San Fransisco?
Tips for long flights
A couple of weeks ago, I posted a photo about a 4 month trip going across the Caucasus and Central Asia. There were a lot of questions in the comments, so I figured I'd come back with a full album. This is our Overland trip.
Central/South American locations where renting a car isn't necessary.
Sa Pa, Vietnam worthy visiting in December? Is there a better alternative worth exploring if the weather is awful?
Is travel to Egypt safe for someone of brown skin from the United States?
Zion National Park
El Nido, Palawan viewed from the top of Taraw Cliff, the town's highest peak. (That's me on the photo btw lol)
Any first hand reviews of the so called all-in-one Tropic travel shoe? Looking for an all around shoe for SEA
Travel to Ecuador and Colombia...what's the best way to experience Amazon and nature?
NY to Rome
What happens if you apply for the wrong USA visa type?
10 Days in NYC in February 2019
Buying 2 separate tickets for a connecting flight, need an advice
Airline says I cannot leave airport on stopover.
Seeking Advice for Brother (Passenger Name Incorrect)
Has anyone travelled Mexico by Motorbike?
Suggestions for a night in a Tuscan hill town?
Eastern Ming Tombs - Never Visited By Westerners but Hugely Popular With the Chinese
First time in Dubai, top of Burj Khalifa.
Quite literally blown away by this view in Jökulsárlón - Iceland (it was so windy!)
Some photos from my 8-day trip to Croatia (Plitvice Lakes, Korenica, Sibenik, Zadar). Incredibly beautiful in autumn.
Photos from a few days relatively well spent in and around Tirana, Albania.
How safe is AirBnB in Turkey? (Istanbul in particular)
Edinburgh - eating and drinking and more.
How do you travel?
Late April in Europe. Where to go for a week?
Thoughts on visiting an amazonic tribe? Is this type of tourism bad?
Questions about the Huayhuash Trek (Peru).
Im Trying to get from Chicago to St. Louis and Im a first time traveler with some questions
Coat for European winter trip
Paris-Barcelona-Amsterdam Suggestions?
View from the balcony of Hamar, Hótel in Breiðdalsvík, Iceland.
Venice - Loved this small pub/restaurant!
The view last week from by Lookout Mountain, Golden CO
Beautiful view of Alhambra from Mirador de San Nicolas in Granada, Spain
I know everyone flocks to Hallstatt - but nearby St. Gilgen (and real anywhere on the Wolfgangsee) was well worth the trip!!
Going to Barcelona...a couple questions...
Parts of the world where drivers respect pedestrians the most and the least
Daily budgets for Portugal and Morocco
California one-way car rental for a 20-year old?
WWII Themed Germany Trip
Looks like straight out of a movie! City of Arts & Sciences, Valencia
Using Project Fi International Coverage in New Zealand?
Internationally Volunteering at Seventeen in Calais, France. Need Lots of Travel Advice.
The statue of King Kamehameha in Honolulu, Hawaii. Out of all the statues I saw, this was the best!
What's the worse place you've stayed at?
[Help] East Coast USA Winter Camping Hiking
Four days in Ethiopia: Lalibela and Harar?
A trip to Rome!
Help planning Algarve trip in late December?
Europe in November... ideas?
Rooftop bar in Ronda, Spain
San Juan de Gaztelugatxe aka Dragonstone
Good motorcycle / road trip countries
Road Trip through the US
Hahoe Folk Village, South Korea
Colombia or Peru
Is Air China really this cheap?
Help with my trip? Europe: Paris, Lucerne, Vienna, Prague, Berlin?, Amsterdam in late July/early August
Day trip from the Amalfi Coast to Capri, some of the most beautiful water I’ve seen.
Why does the US hold on to unexpired passports for renewals or even just applying for a passport card?
Grand Canyon and Sedona during late December
Should I pay for carry-on through WOW?
Where or how far can I go before I can come back home after spending $3000 ( Strictly within the U.S )
I visited Sri Lanka back in March. Here is the Ravana Falls in Ella.
The Blue Mountains in Sydney, Australia. Great nature walks to explore, not too far from the city!
A weekend in Positano, Italy. Take us back!
Equador - Quito, Is renting a car for 2 weeks kind of dangerous if we plan on driving far / to volcanoes?
Cesky Krumlov is a real life fairy tale
Spring Break Ideas: Where to Go / Stay
Travelling to San Francisco and Los Angeles in November?
Trip to Paris / Versailles next April.
What’s the best meal you’ve ever eaten while traveling?
Sabbatical in August: Where should we go?
Family Beach Trip to SEA (South East Asia)
Touristers of Reddit, what makes a tourist town a tourist town?
Bergen, Norway. As seen from Mt. Fløyen.
Passo Gavia (Italy) - Today
My first time in Norway, definitely not the last one. Nordkapp is very impressive!
To the travellers of reddit, how do you go about organising a couple of months travelling?
Christmas in Scandinavia - Trying to narrow down my options
Spending at least a week in Lyon… and then what?
AUS > GER: Working Holiday Visa Application / Insurance Advice
Traveling to Spain and Portugal-questions about train vs car with a baby.
I want to save up and travel please send advice or suggestions.
Advice on Backpacking through Europe
An open week to visit Maine and New Hampshire.
View from a abandoned castle in Narberth, Wales
Is it possible for me to obtain a vehicle permit if i have an H2A work visa to take my vehicle to mexico, renew and come back every year?
Sanssouci Palace, Potsdam (Germany)
Need help filling in the beginning and end of an itinerary I did not help make
Portugal in December itinerary - the Algarve (yes or no?)
A quiet corner of Burano Island, Venice, Italy. A bright, vibrant and beautiful island 40 minutes from the main island of Venice.
A few questions about backpacking Australia :)
Should I feel suckered?
Where should I go in Asia? Advice/ suggestions wanted!
Honeymoon in Cape Town
I'm looking for somewhere in Arizona/Utah/Nebraska/Kansas/Oklahoma/NM to travel to by car during the thanksgiving holiday (11/21-11/25)
Cool stops between the Salzburg area and cesky Krumlov?
What are some hidden gems in Arizona?
Travelling to the US from the UK. Is there anything i need other paperwork i need other than Flight Details, Passport, ESTA and Housing Arrangements
Lost City Trek, Colombia. Need advice on timing.
10 day travel itinerary for Thailand
Which Thai Islands to Visit
Slovenia is more than Lake Bled. I didn’t even consider it as a travel destination until recently. It’s incredible and I wish I wasn’t flying home tomorrow! This is a view from a short hike to Slemenova Spica.
Tips for planning a trip???
Connection in FRA
The morning view I had at Portland Head Lighthouse in Maine.
Any redditors crazy enough to travel abroad with young kids?
14 days in Spain and Portugal - Please advise?
24yo woman doing first international trip to Europe solo!
Really disappointed arriving at Lake Como today - Should I move on to Lugano or will it get better? 😥
Best Cities in Europe to visit during December that aren't super dreary. Also where to spend Christmas.
Can I travel with multiple (5+) laptops?
Australian vacation
Somewhere New: where do you recommend in America
A few questions regarding tourist visas for China
Shanghai help!
I'm in the British Virgin Islands and there's a phone box that's now a shower.
Weather in Rome and Umbria, Italy 1st week of November?
Is it cheaper to buy spirit tickets at the airport?
A friendly fish - Great Barrier Reef
Snorkeling the Silfra tectonic rift in Iceland. I think this is the coldest I’ve ever been.
Traveling to Bali first time in early December, suggestions on activities
Looking for Caribbean spot with great beaches, but also good non-beach activities
Underground salt mine - Romania
Hong Kong airport query
Harbors suggestions from Phila to Boston?
Travelling with prescribed medication, what are the typical difficulties that will occur, and how can you best deal with them?
Places to visit in Osaka Japan late December to early January
Incredibly clear turquoise waters, black and white sands, of course situated in a volcano crater. Sunrise at lake Salda, Turkey
7 days in Melbourne, Australia.
A view of Niihau island, from atop Milolii ridge. Kauai, HI
Lake Como and Lugano in November
Help with US road trip planning
Nobody does ceilings like Iran; taken at Ālī Qāpū palace, Isfahan.
Shangri-la Resort in Skardu, Pakistan.
Recommendations for Austin, TX around Christmas time
Question about what TSA swabbing my hands at Midway Airport
The Quiraing, Isle of Skye, Scotland
From San Francisco - in need of a relaxing place to visit in the western US for a few days, any ideas?
Travel from the USA to Colombia on the first but still no passport
Going to Japan than Korea, anything needed at the airport?
Switzerland May '19 - Lausanne, Interlaken, Lucerne, Zurich
Looking for travel advice for India
Travelling to USA with a DUI offense
12 day trip/$4000/ Study Abroad
What's a cost effective way of exchange one currency to another
Drive time estimate, Philly to Hartford around Thanksgiving
kayak/vayama help!
Global entry card
[Hong Kong] Dragon's Back trail from international airport?
Can I get some advice for traveling to Italy
How would I travel with my Penny Nickel Board on a plane?
Traveling to Almaty next month. Looking for some tips/advice
Sunrise over Bagan, Myanmar
Mexican Vanilla
[OC] The Mehrangarh Fort lit up over the roofs of Jodhpur, India
Few Months in Europe - Eastern and Western! Need help with itinerary.
Cacti, vineyards and picturesque villages by the sea - in summary Cinque Terre
I have $212 in United Airlines credits, WHERE SHOULD I GO?
El Arco de Cabo San Lucas, Mexico from the Lover’s Beach side. It’s the very tip of Baja and is quite beautiful.
The Aboriginal rock art of Kakadu (Northern Territory, Australia) is amazing.
Stunning views from my 7 day travel around Icelands Route One.
Need travel advice for christmas
Rome
12 Hour layover in Hong Kong: Worth it?
Climbing Laozhai Mountain in China wasn't easy, but it was so worth it.
Help with planning honeymoon. Never travelled before to Caribbean.
Any tips on travel to New York during February
Munich - ? - Fussen - Munich
Off the beaten track: Praia da Ursa in Portugal
Barcelona-based itinerary - help!
Which Spain Itinerary Should I Do?
Hydra Island, Greece: fishermen return to the dock and are greeted by some of the island’s many cats.
Canadians to Cuba - DUI (x-post from /r/legaladvice)
People who have visited China and Japan- how big a deal was cash vs. card in both countries?
San Francisco and Monterey trip questions
Rwanda/Uganda or Republic of Congo/Gabon
Amtrak Sunset Limited - is this a decent trip?
Wwoofing in NZ; feeling so overwhelmed
New to traveling. First trip, Bali Indonesia planned out. Second trip, USA (Still Saving)
I visited the province of Cotopaxi in Ecuador to see the stunning Laguna Quilotoa.
Qatar A350-900 Seat Selection Question
Air Canada is the least Canadian company
Research Addict - Making Timely Decisions
Nanjing airport has a screen letting you see how your luggage is being handled-worry no more!
Took an unexpected trip to Seville and completely fell in love
Sunrise over the dead sea viewed from the ancient mountaintop fortress of Masada in Israel
Cruise line recommendations for Mediterranean Cruise? My wife and I will be going to Europe for the first time next summer.
All inclusive or airbnb
Couple wanting to travel somewhere warm for 4-5k
r/travel Topic of the Week: Travel Regrets
Shapinsay Island, north of Scotland. We took 5 flights, a boat and 40+ hours with a 2 year old to get from rural Australia to my in-laws farm.
Venice boat directly to airport
LPT: If you're considering doing the JSA + DMZ tours in South Korea, book far in advance!
Segovia is wonderful this time of year. 🇪🇸
View from my Hostel in Cusco, Peru
Planning a "Northern" Asia tour. Landing in Seoul, leaving from Shanghai. What in between (Taipei, Yangshou, Hanoi)?
Best way to get a sharp object (vintage Soviet badges) on a plane?
Is Travelchinaguide.com legit?
Made a spontaneous climb of Ben Nervis, Scotland today. It's gorgeous!
Advice on Grand Canyon Road trip from Los Angeles
I went backpacking in Peru for two weeks. Here are some of my favorite photos.
Chile/Argentina - Independent vs Small Group Tour
Traveling to Bali and Thailand
Luggage storage in Prague and Budapest?
Where to do border runs in Bali?
£3k/$4k for a 10-12 week stay. Any recommendations?
Global Entry enrollment help at DFW
Amsterdam & Northern Italy Itinerary Next Summer- HELP!
Advice for travelling from Kasgar, to Osh, to Dushanbe
Are there any rules about bringing portable speakers on a plane? (Checked luggage)
Allianz for RTW
Mount Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia
Is there a way to make/receive phone calls from another country using my US phone number for free?
Help planning activities at Kruger NP?
A Monastery in Meteora Park, Northen Greece
Prepaid sim USA
Somewhere along the trail in Cinque Terre during sunset.
Asakusa is a district in Taitō, Tokyo, Japan, famous for the Sensō-ji, a Buddhist temple dedicated to the bodhisattva Kannon.
Will be flying to SF & Minneapolis domestically, do I need a passport?!
Is traveling to Portugal in the next couple of days a bad idea?
I got held at a military border cross point (I guess) in Russia (Ivangorod) this summer
Went to the Dolomites in Italy last weekend. Can't believe how beautiful the weather was in October!
Cobalt Air (CO) suspend operations as of 23:50pm on October 17, 2018.
Travel to Russia
Canaima National Park, Venezuela
What are some places that not so popular but worth-visiting in Europe?
Scratched my rental car on my first day in Tuscany. Am I totally screwed?
Looking for a personal item with unusual dimensions...
Driving from Northern NY to Southern California in Two Days
To anyone flying to Italy to-from Milan Linate (LIN) airport during Summer 2019
First time traveller, I have some Questions.
The little town of Calascio, near l'Aquila, in the Abruzzo region of Italy. It used to have 1900 inhabitants, but today only 130 remain. The next day we went on top of the nearby Gran Sasso, the highest mountain of the Appennines (2912 m)
A-Bomb Dome, Hiroshima, Japan. Incredibly moved by this place.
Philippines Itinerary Help
Question about interior US CBP checkpoints
Suggestions for all-inclusive around Cancun in March for a couple in their late 20's. Budget 300-500/night
Looking for a December solo trip
our beautiful view from the hotel kostelski buk in Bihac, Bosnia Herzegovina🇧🇦
skiing in the middle of a trip through Europe
London Packing (Male)
Imperial Palace, Tokyo
My Latin teacher and I are planning a trip to Rome! Any good suggestions that perhaps aren’t obvious tourist sights and would perhaps be pertinent to Ancient Rome? Also is eight days in June a good amount of time?
Madrid vs Porto Weekend nightlife in November
South America "Resident Only Fare"
American looking to spend a month traveling overseas
I'm trying to find the cheapest way to get to Tibet, but thanks to the region's complicated politics, there's loads of conflicting information online, which is making things difficult.
Suggestions for 2 days in Hong Kong
Sri Lanka or Vietnam after Maldives? Need advice!
United Airlines threatens Skiplagged clients with Collections
Global Entry
Taking a Gap Year After College to Travel
Lake Balea in Romania has to be one of the best places I’ve been to.
Help with itinerary - January, North America, 2 small kids, 2 adults
A disorienting view of Quebec City
Arrived just in time to see this stunning sunset at the famous House on a Rock at Bajina Bašta in Serbia!
Looking for some travel/brewery recommendations for Denmark/Germany
Extended travel credit card
Kauai vs Maoi in September?
My detailed spreadsheet for 30 days in Europe - Any advice/critiques?
On a stone terrace in the hillside hamlet of Chomrong, the last inhabited village before the path moves into oxygen-deprived altitudes to the Annapurna Base Camp.
Peruvian Food for Beginners (by a Peruvian)
(German Travelers) Double-check my day-long roadtrip plans?
Traveling from Athens, OH to Asheville, NC to Savannah, GA. What are some things I should be sure to stop and check out?
Has anyone tried the Away Daypack/Backpack?
Smoking weed in Canada
Hong Kong food tours
Anyone ever do a '10 most remote bars in the world' trip/series?
More Africa Love. The 12 Apostles overlooking Camps Bay near Cape Town, SA.
"Authentic Christmas village" destinations?
Oh, we are doing this. OK St. George's Church in Lalibella, Ethiopia. Dug from the rock.
Carpathian Mountains in Romania
Recommend a roadmovie movie / series
In N Out
My 300 day World Trip - Budget Analysis with Pretty Graphs
Portofino, Italy, has a reputation of being a luxury retreat for the wealthy, but you don't have to take out a loan to experience everything it has to offer!
Could I get a review of my costing for a month long trip between Vietnam/Hong Kong/Japan?
Travelling to Europe next summer with girlfriend of 3 years. Need advice.
Iceland on Saturday, Westfjords
Angkor Thom was the first temple I visited in Cambodia. The awe inspiring views didn’t end until I left Cambodia.
Dinners for a fussy eater in Barcelona
Absolute tranquility on a Autumn day at Yedigöller Turkey.
Exploring south east Spain
China itinerary question: Kunming/Dali/Tiger Leaping Gorge vs. Huangshan Mountains + Shanghai
A lot of Africa images but none from cities - here is the modernist EBID building in Lomé
Romantic stops in Houston
Travel destination ideas ?
Switzerland trip August 2019 - Zurich, Geneva...
Travel/Lodging for Yosemite in Winter
Amazing Ronda in Andalusia, Spain
Lisbon or Paris in November?
Winter destinations with things like: Wildlife/Caves/Scuba Diving/Hiking/Horseback
Pepper Spray
Have you ever gotten sick from airline food?
San Luca portico in Bologna Italy
Looking for comments about horse riding in Yogja, Indonesia
Just got got back from a work trip to Baghdad. Also visited some shrines in Karbala plus Saddam's palace at Babylon.
Experience with Alitalia vs Turkish Airlines: Which one would you recommend more?
Road to Hana in Maui, Hawaii
View from a walk in Kaua'i
Just booked tickets from Lufthansa, but i wasn't asked for passport or even ID. I this normal?
Early morning view from inside of Kawah Ijen in Indonesia
One of the many glorious views from Ruta 265, one of the most spectacular roads of Patagonia. Aysén Region, Chile
Looking for suggestions for 7 Day UK Itinerary
Recommendations for the Alsace region of France?
Traveling to London - need help/have questions about flights
is C-Trip now the "Trip" app?
Traveling around south America in my ninety year old car. Paso de Jama. Chile
White cliffs of Dover
A broad view of the Ottawa River in Ottawa, Ontario. To the left is Canada's Parliament and to the right the city of Gatineau, Québec.
On the way back from a hike in Jasper Alberta, Canada
Path to Seydisfjördur Church, Iceland
More love for Africa and probably the best photo I’ve ever taken. Taken in Pilanesberg, South Africa
Can I as an 18 year old American citizen bring alcohol across the border?
The Italian town of Vernazza, seen from the Sentiero Azzuro hiking trail in Cinque Terre
I rarely see pics of Africa here. So here a kind reminder of how beautiful the continent is. This photo was taken in Uganda.
Best travel airplane pillow?
More Africa love... Baobab tree in Mashatu, Botswana
I recently got back from Japan, Nara park and its Deer have become a faveorite of mine!
USA
Hiking outside Wilderness, South Africa. End of Trail is a Waterfall.
Can not get the google flight price when booking from the airline's website
Simien Mountains National Park, Ethiopia.
My favorite place I've been in Africa, Ngorongoro Crater Arusha Region, Tanzania
West African album. Morocco, Mauritania, Senegal, Gambia, Guinea-Bissau, Guinea, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Cote d'Ivoire, Ghana, Benin, Togo, Burkina Faso, Mali, Niger, Chad
How do I actually book the flights I find on ITA Matrix?
(No Filter) Yosemite Valley 4-Mile Trail - September 2018
Nature’s Beauty - Mount Bromo and the Morning Sunrise
6 Days in Germany. Munich or Berlin?
Trekking Mt Mulanje, Malawi. In response to there not being many Africa pics posted here.
Problems with a booked apartment
The view from Sir Timothy's Hill (St. Kitts, West Indies) Left side is the Atlantic Ocean, and the right is the Caribbean Sea
Are you a food obsessive traveler? How do you find places to go to?
Why join a hotel loyalty program, instead of staying in the best available hotel every time?
Address on My Plane Ticket a issue?
Rick Steves of China? Or US?
Sounds like people want some more Africa. This is from a recent trip to Lalibela, Ethiopia. Imagine the beauty of the Grand Canyon with amazing ancient churches carved out of the rock.
Rome vs Paris vs Copenhagen vs Madrid
Serengeti ,Tanzania from a hot air balloon
Lonely Planet Country, City, or Discover/Best Of?
Hue, Vietnam. Here be dragons.
More Africa, this time Karima in Northern Sudan along the Nile.
China Southern Airlines Comparison?
Durable, comfortable traveling backpacks?
African images: Eritrea
More Africa love - Namibia!
Christmas and NY in Turkey, Too Cold?
Another picture from Africa - Rwanda, from the capital (Kigali) on the way to Lake Kivu
Iao valley, Maui
Window seat vs aisle seat for long haul
Personally my favorite view from walking around Glasgow today, from a park near the university.
International health insurance advice
Budapest or/vs Zagreb?
Joining in on this Africa love---Djemaa el Fna at sunset in Marrakech, Morocco.
Taking a trip to Asheville, NC
Prague vs Berlin vs Amsterdam
Is it safe to stay in Tijuana?
Any tips for travelling with a peanut allergy in SE Asia?
Traveling Europe 1st time (w/ family) Dec 19th thru Jan 4th
Beautiful Botanical Garden of Eze in France
So I'm travelling to Norway and would love some suggestions.
Video of a week spent in China's Anhui and Shandong provinces. I don't see enough of China here!
Travelling with illness and on a student budget
[HELP] Logistics of Moving My Pitbull to Amsterdam
Good morning from Champagne (Epernay), France 🍾
Trip Planning Frustrations/Annoyances
Traveling to Iceland in February, and I'm from Arizona. Need winter tips.
Looking for some good cabin-y areas (Northeast, USA)
Just asking, can I bring tortillas in my carry on bag from the US to Dominican Republic? I haven't seen any info.
Entering US with a cannabis possession charge
New Zealand 1 Month Itinerary Advice Please
Travelers and International Volunteers with Celiac Disease, How did you Fare?
Fellow travelers, what do you consider "proper public transportation" etiquette?
Chilled out trip to Ladakh, India?
Is Belize safe to honeymoon?
Free weekend in S.E. US in January- ideas on where to go
20mins of walking in 42C weather but finally made it to Deadvlei in Namibia! This place is far beyond any image I’ve seen online.
Isle of Skye, Scotland. From my hiking trip last month. The landscape was unreal.
Thinking of taking a Viking river cruise. I've got a few questions and hoping some of you can share your experience.
Shoes for extended trip through South America?
Lake Ohrid. Worth the stop off?
Biking around Europe
Skiing newbie help
Itinerary Input and Hidden Gems for Two Weeks in Spain and Portugal
In 2007, I visited Jebel Barkal in Sudan. The locals from surrounding towns gathered there to enjoy the sunset while the kids entertained themselves by running (and falling) down the main sandy slope
To the guy who posted a photo of Uganda, you're right, Africa needs more love! Heres a photo of Victoria Falls between Zambia and Zimbabwe to appreciate.
Panchaganga Ghat at dawn in Varanasi, India
Help! Name on passport doesn’t exactly match name on ticket.
Lagos or Porto
Foggy at my flat, so I decided to get above it - Mt Rigi Switzerland
Shoshone Falls in Idaho!
5 weeks in spring 2019
Conference in Bangkok in December with my girlfriend. 3 free days before Tokyo. Where to go?
Question about dual passports/visa
High School Grad Trip Recommendations
Budapest, Hungary. One of my favorite places I've been so I thought I'd share a picture with you guys
Cathedral Metropolitana, Guatemala City.
What's the worst airline you've dealt with?
My first time visiting Colombia and it will definitely not be my last. Took this picture at the plaza of Pedro San Claver with the St. Catherine of Alexandria Cathedral in the background.
Piggy backing off of Uganda here is Hermanus ,South Africa
What are the tourism companies with included flights?
Above the waterfall in Skógafoss, Iceland. Sun did its damnedest to break through the clouds long enough for me to take this panoramic
Was so excited to see the island in the middle of lake Bled this summer. Travelled from New Zealand to find it covered In scaffolding.
If you were to go on an adventure photography tour will all logistics planned (just show up and bring your camera), what would be some things you would be interested in seeing or doing, and what would be helpful from a planning perspective for you?
Should I pay a baggage fee in cash or by card at Heathrow for American Airlines?
Does anyone use credit cards to bank air miles?
Sri Lanka - Talk to me
Rock Collector with questions heading to Punta Cana, Domincan Republic!
Aruba tips - Proposal
Fall is peaking beautifully in Acadia National Park, Maine. Took this along the carriage roads 🍂🍁 [OC]
A Summer's Hike in Lauterbrunnen, Switzerland. [OC] [1600 x 1200]
Tivoli Gardens, Copenhagen in Autumn
Rothenburg lived up to the billing- fairy tale town you never want to leave.
My view from Our Lady of the Rocks, Bay of Kotor from my last trip.
How much money for 3 weeks in Europe ? ( Amsterdam,Paris,Lucerne,Innsbruck and Berlin)
Beautiful hike in Grindelwald, Switzerland
What sorcery is this, United?
Travelers of Reddit: What is your favorite, most underrated travel location?
A winding road that I motorbiked on this past September in Ha Giang, the northernmost province in Vietnam.
How to travel via freight exchange as a person?
View from my families cabin over looking the Kromme River in the Eastern Cape, South Africa.
Finding an "International" Power Strip
Question - When to travel?
Volunteered and got to experience some enthralling desolation (Astrebla Downs National Park, Australia)
Someone Needs To Talk Me Down From Booking A Flight With My Credit Card
A days hike on the Vía de la Plata (Western Spain)
Help! Visiting Munich, Salzburg & Prague in December - What shoes to wear?
Pic from Monteverde, Costa Rica. Good region for coffee plantation tours and the "Sky Walk" hanging bridges.
When is the best time to go to the bonneville salt flats?
Suggestions for travel in late December
Parents flew to London today, for their first time in Europe. Haven't heard from them and low key freaking out.
Help with a Christmas destination?
Stoos Ridge Hike, Schwyz, Switzerland - Easy day trip from Lucerne, Switzerland!
Need ideas for an Asia trip
Considering Yotelair at Amsterdam airport
December in Amsterdam and Dublin! Looking for suggestions on activities
Palawan itinerary 14 days - any suggestion and what to see?
Taking the train from Cannes to Nice
Besides Montreal, what are some cool towns or places to check from Sherbrooke to Quebec City?
Traveling to Philippines, can someone help with itinerary?
Extended Travel with Children in the EU
Help me choose: Hawaii or Washington DC? As a slightly handicapped person (can’t walk for long periods, but can get around) would you travel to Hawaii (long plane ride) or Wash (cold weather)?
Snorkeling in Trat, Thailand. We had this little island all to ourselves!
Gothenburg or Copenhagen?
Roughly 3 Weeks in Vietnam, how long to stay and where
What’s the cheapest way to travel around the world as a broke student?
I got my Passport Pick Pocketed in Paris what should I do?
Looking to vist Gdańsk for 2-3 days with friends. Recommend me some culture please.
Any ideas/tips on how to vacation in montana for a week to get the full experience?
Question: Machu Picchu Peru in December
Help possibly missing flight due to airline. Need advice
French roadtrip with kids - need advice
Any hidden gems of Paris? Going for a weekend
Why the upcharge when travelling solo?
What app do you use to track where you’ve been?
The cliffs above Cassis on the French Riviera, with a corresponding picture from the top!
Going to Croatia... Trogir, Split and Dubrovnik. Ever been there? Tell me your experience.
Travelling without a car.
Where to go for spring break?
Proposing in Iceland - but needing more information!
Lighthouse views on a stormy day. Sugarloaf Point, NSW, Australia
Luggage never showed up, had to make connecting flight, no PIR form.
How's my Orlando Itinerary
Taking my mum to travel in New Zealand for a week
Girlfriend didn't get Turkey visa, after booking tickets. Looking for help deciding alternate destinations.
Need helping planning a winter trip, Eastern or Western Canada? So lost!
Flying for the first time in 10 years. Give me your tips!
When do I need to collect my bags?
Claiming compensation through airline and credit card..
Mou Waho, NZ ... A lake in an island in a lake in an island in a lake in an island in the ocean.
How Carriers Handle Cases of Missed Flight in General ?
Questions about Australian Working Holiday visa.
When to travel to the south of Spain?
Cape of Good Hope
Getting cellphone data on landing in China - Relying on google services
Which website is reliable to buy a Dubai 90 days tourist visa as a U.K. citizen?
The Galata Tower, Istanbul. The World’s Oldest Tower Open to Visitors [OC] [1200x1600]
Haven't heard from my wife for 48 hours after flight to Mongolia
Dean’s Village, Edinburgh
Need some advice on a travel location!
Amboseli National Park, Kenya [OC]
Will it be risky going to the US as a Muslim Australian?
Japan bucket list
3.5 Weeks of Travel in USA Planning Help!
Could use some help on planned trip to Brazil!
18 hours layover in Beijing
Preferred CC or payment method for traveling in Thailand
Parvati Valley: The Gateway of Elysium
What are the best transportation options in Portugal/Spain?
Advice for 3 Weeks in Southern Italy (Puglia, Basilicata, Calabria, eastern Sicily)
The Ultimate non-typical Paris Bucketlist
Can I pay $0,50 cents at American Museum of Natural History in NYC?
Heading to China in 3.5 weeks and put together this rough itinerary. Would appreciate any feedback!
Uber or Lyft for Sanfransisco/ Oakland?
Europe Sim
3 weeks in Germany in winter - where to go?
Looking for travel suggestions for wildlife/culture/relaxation. Need help!
How to travel on a budget?
1 week in the UK
Free WiFi Calling Internationally from South Korea
I need to escape for a year or more
2.5 weeks in Europe (Dec. - Jan.)
The funicular in Kiev is beautiful and only costs 0.30USD to get to St. Michael’s cathedral at the top
Need help! Wine tasting and spa weekend
Antwerp Central Train Station. Considered the most beautiful train station in the world and a joy to walk around looking up the entire time. (no edits to photo; shot on Pixel XL).
Can you buy train reservations the day of travel?
HELP looking for solo spring break destination
Currency Cards for US from UK
St. Martin's Church, Canterbury, is the oldest church in the English-speaking world, with parts dating to the Roman period.
Suggestions on buying phones/sim cards for data while traveling in SE Asia?
6 month Indian tourist visa for Belgian in Taiwan
Help deciding on where to go next year
Looking for a 'once in a lifetime' experience with my mum!
Travelling with medicines
If you had 1.5 months to get from colombia to buenos aires which route would you take?
You arrive in Paris on a Saturday in November. You leave Rome 10 days later on Tuesday morning. What's your agenda?
Trip report; Two full days in Kyoto. Nothing was planned ahead.
Alternative Travel Guidebooks
Computer for long term travel?
Nepal/Bhutan/Tibet recommendation for Christmas (11days)
Traveling to the Caribbean in the Winter
Choosing between Florence or Rome to spend New Year's Eve. Can anyone share their experiences?
I bought a youth ticket on STA travel but I'm 27...
Traveling Out of State, Looking for Potential Place to Move. Questions
Traveling to Rome and Venice for first time
Are roadtrips a bad idea?
Hiking the Alps above Zermatt, Switzerland
Help! Travelling with baby car seat in Italy.
How do people travel with little money?
Considering only visiting the North Rim of grand canyon for first time visit. thoughts?
Vietnam travel - passport expiration question
Krka national park in Croatia, easy and fun hike with amazing waterfall views.
Despite being overlooked by many tourists who visit Morocco the colours of Asilah really are special
Cheap overnight stay between LA and San Francisco
Mexico City itinerary help
Our trip to Puerto Rico
5 day trip to the Grand Canyon area- enough time to see Bryce, Capitol Reef, and Grand Canyon?
Primera Air Collapses, doesn't notify ticket holders
