Barbouni restaurant sits on a wooden platform and is composed of natural wooden columns. The idea is these natural materials -- teamed with the rippling effect -- help establish a fusion between sea and land.


 
 
 
 
 
The most beautiful memorable memory you get here in Jaisalmer.  

 
 
These are the world’s best cities to visit in 2019, according to the Lonely Planet 
 
 
 Australia: Watch out, mermaids coming through! 
 

(via IG/jesscleask in westaustralia’s Ninagaloo) 
Morning Commute 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our 8 Day Cape Town & Garden Route Tour is AWESOME-  


Enquire for Pricing and Dates with us: info@cameleontours.com / +27 82 449 9025


 
 
 
 
 
... 
Welcome aboard, join us @tourifficsafaris for exciting tours & safaris. Stay tuned for exciting deals. 
 & 
 
 Thread: I have been traveling a lot these past couple of years. I learned a few tips & tricks of traveling. I decided to start a thread to share them with the community. Will keep adding to it as I learn new things. Please write to me if you have tips to add. 
 NatGeo: A newborn giraffe can find its feet—after a little stumbling around—in mere minutes 
 Lovely Day 
Built as a tribute to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, the Statue of Unity was inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Gujarat yesterday. An engineering marvel completed in a record time of 33 months, the giant memorial is the world's tallest statue at 182 meters.
 
 
 
 
 Faux Leather Coin Purses with Cute Catoony Designs 
Hawaii in 2019.....
.....amazing!
So excited for our new clients who are heading to the All-Inclusive Royal Lahaina Resort in Maui in a few months.....

Thanks for booking your getaway with Sole Amazing Vacations! 
 
Cruises 2019: Explore the world while sipping gin in luxury with Princess Cruises 
 
 
 
 
 Professional Fitness Yoga Ring 
Did you prepare your next flight? What is your destination? 
 
Views of the mountain passes in Bosnia on the train between Sarajevo & Mostar ->> 
 
 
Deep fried dumpling delicacies!! 
 
 
 
 
Lovely stream of blue muscari and colorful tulips 
 


 to the 
 spring 2019 
❦Slip away on a journey of the mind to destinations of peace and beauty.~Anne Scottlin

 
 
 


 
 
 
 
Colorful tulip stripes at Keukenhof Garden last springtime. Who is visiting next spring season? 


 to the 
 spring 2019 
Our Planet 



  
  
  
  

 
 
 

 
 
Japanese Garden in Fall at Portland in Oregon


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Red Maple Trees
I love TroutbeckResort ,Zimbabwe is beautiful

 
 Everyone from 
!!! 


Couldn't ask for a more fitting Sunrise 
 for 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



fb: Jeffrey Dunne
An art installation of green plants growing on the wall of the building in 
  - A modern art gallery ... 
  
 
 
 
As far as the islands can see 
 
 
 
 
Iconic Liberty Bridge in 
, 

_

 
 
 
 
 
RT
Gorgeous autumn moment. Top of the Saleve we can see the first snow.  
 Hopefully the autumn lasts little bit longer... Who is ready for a winter? Not me, off to Singapore & Bali Tomorrow - all the tips are welcome. 
 
 
 
Have you ever seen such a beautiful proposal?
 
This moment was created by (IG) @ andy.johanesen in Henningsvær, Norway 


 
 
 
 
 
Beautiful Mediterranean Sea and Beach Sunset


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Happy 
 to everyone! Be safe and enjoy the holiday night! 
 
 
 
Colorful Autumn Drive and Landscape in North America


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Don't worry, he doesn't bite. 
 
 


Everyone wants a

Lap Rhino!





 
⁠ ⁠ 
⁠ ⁠
God's Own Country 
 The 
 
 plantations from 
 in 
 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Foggy Morning at Smuggler’s Notch - Vermont, 2018 [OC][1735x2048] - Dinosaur802 - 
 



Snow on the Julian Alps and Triglav National Park in 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Describe in one word the beautiful view of 
 from Castel Sant'Angelo, 
. 


 
Le 
 approche...
Are you Ready?

 
 
 
 
 


 
Pragser Wildsee or Lake Braies and Dolomiti or Dolomites Mountains 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Alto Adige and Trentino
"Don’t be afraid of pawning off your vacation planning on a travel agent. These are professionals that know their stuff. Let an agent take the weight off your shoulders while giving you a better value than you could get on your own." -Travel Professionals 
 
Indian Lotus Flowers or Pink Water Lily at Sunset in Asia


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
My literal birthplace and #5 most threatening US volcano - Mt. Shasta, CA [OC][2048x1365] - Eddiecarl - 
 



What plants grow on this bridge?


 
My book 'Saving Lucy - A Girl, A Bike, A Street Dog' has just been published in USA and Canada and is available in all good book stores ... if you have a PODCAST in these countries ... please get in touch and lets chat! 
 
 
 
 
 
Colorful Red Maple Forest and River in Fall


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Beautiful Town 





 


 

Alacati, 
Under The Northern Sky


 
 
 
 
 
Best way to get around and see the stunning scenery of Porto

credit 
 


  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amazing morning after a fresh snowfall in Lapland 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
What happens if Mr & Mrs Duck fall asleep transporting their mini fridge freezer on the piccadilly line?

You get the Duck's fridge in Uxbridge!


Er, more 
 tube 





By Luke Agbaimoni 

 
 
 
 
Our Planet 


  
  
  
 

 
 
 

 
 
Amazing Nature and Ocean at Phuket in Thailand


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gangolihat - A quaint little Himalayan hill town in Uttarakhand impresses with it's breathtaking splendour.


 
Recent Group to Hunza & Khunjrab
At Khunjrab Pass
 Are you ready to Join our next Tour ?
13 To 18 November 2018
For Details&Informations
03000262324



 

 
 
 
 
 
Pink Soft Sunrise and Shining Lake in Scandinavia


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Day by day, what you choose, what you think and what you do is who you become - Heraclitus 
 
 
 best memory movement...
 
It's still magic, even if you know how it's done!
 
 
 
 
 
Here is a photograph of the Devil's Chimney in Co Sligo which is Ireland's tallest Waterfall. This view literally took my breath away, it is hard to image it is Ireland. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Forest Path After a Thunderstorm. Northern Sweden [OC][3758x4697] - Gulgabork - 
 



Smashing Autumn 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pier at Sunset
 in 
, 
.


 
 
Fall in the North Carolina Mountains [OC][1920x1280] - Self_Manifesto - 
 



A perfect autumn day...Happy Halloween from the Outer Banks 
! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Packing some stuff! 


 
Fall days in Yosemite are absolutely incredible. [3570x4460] [OC] - travisvisuals - 
 



Good Morning ☉
        Twitter Planet  



  
  
  
 

 
 
 

 
 
This carousel is so cute 
 
 
 
South West Rocks, New South Wales, 
. 
 
Wishing you a beautiful day today! 


 to the 
 spring 2019 
Beautiful Waterfall and Green Forest in the European Mountains


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Carpathians
Travel is little beds and cramped bathrooms. It's old television sets and slow Internet connections. 
 is extraordinary 
 with ordinary people. 
Whiteface Mountain near Lake Placid in Upstate New York 
 
 
Taking a break from the 
 
 under our awesome 
 umbrella 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Did you already book a future trip? Tell us about it! 
 
Happy Halloween! This is the dark purple tulip Queen of Night. 


 to the 
 spring 2019 
Towering above the plains of

Sri Lanka is an ancient 

rock fortress called Sigiriya.





 
 
 
 
 
via 
Our Planet 



  
  
  
  

 
 
 

 
 
Lovely to see this copper vessel for water with steel glasses at Artjuna restaurant in Anjuna 
 
 
All you need is love
But a little bit of Portugal doesn't hurt



 
A creative Team working hard to realise their PASSION



 
All Essential Gear for Traveling Solo 

 

 
#trendhttps://csbnnews.com/essential-gear-for-traveling-solo/
Polignano a Mare on the Adriatic Sea in 
, between 
 and 
. Wonderful to visit. 
 
 
The Monastery of Megisti 
 is the first monastery built on Mount 
. The founding of the monastery in AD 963 by 
 the Athonite marks the beginning of the organized monastic life at Mount Athos.


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Trick or trip?
 
Where will you travel this Halloween? 
 
Ladakh promises landscapes you won't have seen anywhere else! Come visit
Photo/Sudhakar Bichali

 
 
 
 
 
 in a glance ;) 

 
 
 
 
 
Open up new travel experiences together with H Y D E...
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Women's Matte Leather Wallet 
It's Halloween, everyone's entitled to one good scare with GOeureka's ICO! Participate and get 5% bonus.


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Morning 

Have a wonderful new day!
From Athens with love 


 
Good night; sweet dreams...

Ajlum Castle, Jordan with Exodus Travels

 
 
 
 
 
Glen&Sons Saddlery 
 
 
 
when a new day begins  
 
 
 
Tea break in the 
?! Yes, please. 


 
 
 
One of my favorite views at Keukenhof garden 
 Beautiful color combination!  


 to the 
 spring 2019 
Sunny day at Love Bridge or Pont des Amours at Annecy Lake 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Getting lost on my way to work and enjoying autumn's beauty


Good morning folks
 Take some time today to breathe and relax

Have an amazingly productive day



 
 
 
Where am I going? I do not know. It is so hot in the airport! 
 
Marrakech, Morocco: Black magic coming to you from Morocco.


 
 
Airplane conversations with your neighbor make the trip worth it. 
 
Today's 
 - storm clouds building over Start Point lighthouse last weekend

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
New York 
 
Purify yr Mind Body&Soul
Relax&Recharge with a touch of NaturalBeauty 

 

 
 
 Universal Felt Seat Storage Bag &amp; Organizer 
 
 Men's Summer Short Sleeve Cycling Jersey 
Under the Bridge.........by Frank K Gustrau c. Gabriele Corno 
 
 
Where would you go if you were standing exactly in this spot? 

 
 
Last Sunday Orcombe Point 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
    / 
Indian Summer and Colorful Road in New England


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Conquering my fear of heights this trip for sure.  
 
 
 
 
The Wadi Rum desert is...well, see for yourself. 

 
 
 

Basilica of San Zeno in 
 is the most ornate Romanesque Church in northern 
. Famous for its 11th century bronze door panels, marble reliefs and squat tower that is said to cover the tomb of 
 of Italy 
 
 
 
 
An amazing shot of the Pramoritsa stone bridge near 
 in West 
, 
 | 
 Dimitris Lamprou | 
 
 
 
